Ah
This repair is for a minute
You won't get tired even if you play hard and get in on the card
That big
This cushion
Showing off in minutes containing material
To reduce
I think I'm connected and I'm still big here
Since it is not the Tteyuu elapsed shoes even such a place
I feel that I'm getting support well
It is good to say quite stand firm opportunity in selling physical
Because there are many
Feet in the muff round to spike
Really Well I'd had a lot that I or got caught Toka or chat Play
From it is allowed to want to published to conceal Mr.
Well that kind of thing is gone and that my play style
I think it's a spike that will make the most of that, so open it
Say this
I am so glad that I was told that now the Emperor
Arm long from now
It is the type that'd say I get that wear continue
Ah
b 4
Yeah yeah yeah
bg
To say
Had
th
Four
tee
Yeah yeah yeah
car
bejean
th
I used to feel like kneeling
I heard that this spy has cushioning, so it's daddy's burden on the knee
But I thought it would be better
I thought it was good
Because there was a cushion and there was less pressure on the foot at the time of the stop
I was able to move with the amount of energy I asked for a lightness in the spikes after all
Character appearance
Then I felt it was pretty heavy and I thought it was quite heavy, but it was quite light and worn
There was no discomfort
There was a feeling of fit, and it was hard to grow even when the turn was skipped and it was great.
A university student's other good even if it takes to parent
After all long-lasting spikes are better
I think it's good
I was worried I would not slip if the points were short, but surprisingly bite
Tan Detsu soul was good can without slipping
That is a place to back it and go to the approach was easy to do so step A
There is
Great
wh
tee